Meeting 1: Overview and discussion of requirements
Date:05/23/2023
Attendees: Keldin M., Stacy K., Steven C., Samuel U.

For the first meeting, we looked at the requirements of Project 3, which helped the group understand the expectations
for this projects. We also looked at the extra credit options and decided we would probably work on those once the
main requirements are done. As a group, we discussed how multithreading will be important for this project. We also
discussed how there are different ways to dictate which client sends the first message. After some strategizing and
planning on how this assignment can be done, we decided that we can each individually begin working on the project and
will discuss each others code at the next meeting. Everyone's code should be able to have 2 clients establish a TCP
connection and determine which thread's message is recaching the server first.

Meeting 2: Review progress of code
Date:05/26/2023
Attendees: Keldin M., Stacy K., Steven C., Samuel U.

For this meeting, we examined and ran each other's code. We commented and assisted each other on our codes. We made sure
everyone had an understanding of multithreading and how to accomplish it on the client-server program. We discussed how
it was difficult to write in Python since none of us had prior experience in it. We also note how it was difficult to 
determine which thread's message is sent first. It is easy for the messages to be printed out in the order they were 
received but more challenging to determine what thread the messages came from. The incoming messages could be put on a
list and outputted in the order they were received but that will not determine whether or not client x or client y sent 
the message first. The importance of determining which client is sending their message first was overlooked by some, but 
Keldin had addressed this in his code so we decide we would use his code since it meet all the requirements.

Meeting 3: Code review, extra credit tasks
Date: 05/29/2023
Attendees: Keldin M., Stacy K., Steven C., Samuel U.

With a working code accomplished, we decided to focus on the extra credit tasks. We brainstorm together how to get we
can get a chat server history to display will also have the clients communicate instantly with one another. We also
worked towards getting the client to exit if "Bye" is entered. There was a collaborative effort that involved many
scenarios and involved working through many bugs and errors. Having the client exit after saying "Bye" kept crashing the
server and took a lot of time and effort to fix. Once the extra credit was finished, we made sure the code was working
and there was documentation explaining what the code was doing. In meeting 1, we had already discussed why
multithreading was important and after implementing multithreading, it was simple to answer the question why
multithreading is needed for this project. The final meeting was extensive but allowed for this project to be completed.